videoplayback
Transcribed	by	
TurboScribe.ai
.	
Go	Unlimited
	to	remove	this	message.
It's	a	weekend,	and	John	decided	to	watch	the	latest	movie	recommended	by	Netflix	at	his
friend's	place.	Before	heading	out,	he	asked	Siri	about	the	weather	and	realized	it	would	rain.
So	he	decided	to	take	his	Tesla	for	the	long	journey	and	switch	to	autopilot	on	the	highway.
After	coming	home	from	the	eventful	day,	he	started	wondering	how	technology	has	made	his
life	easy.	He	did	some	research	on	the	internet	and	found	out	that	Netflix,	Siri,	and	Tesla	are	all
using	AI.	So	what	is	AI?	AI,	or	artificial	intelligence,	is	nothing	but	making	computers-based
machines	think	and	act	like	humans.
Artificial	intelligence	is	not	a	new	term.	John	McCarthy,	a	computer	scientist,	coined	the	term
artificial	intelligence	back	in	1956,	but	it	took	time	to	evolve	as	it	demanded	heavy	computing
power.	Artificial	intelligence	is	not	confined	to	just	movie	recommendations	and	virtual
assistants.
Broadly	classifying,	there	are	three	types	of	AI.	Artificial	narrow	intelligence,	also	called	weak	AI,
is	the	stage	where	machines	can	perform	a	specific	task.	Netflix,	Siri,	chatbots,	spatial
recommendation	systems	are	all	examples	of	artificial	narrow	intelligence.
Next	up,	we	have	artificial	general	intelligence,	referred	to	as	an	intelligent	agent's	capacity	to
comprehend	or	pick	up	any	intellectual	skill	that	a	human	can.	We	are	halfway	into	successfully
implementing	this	space.	IBM's	Watson	supercomputer	and	GPT-3	fall	under	this	category.
And	lastly,	artificial	superintelligence.	It	is	the	stage	where	machines	surpass	human
intelligence.	You	might	have	seen	this	in	movies	and	imagined	how	the	world	would	be	if
machines	occupied	it.
Fascinated	by	this,	John	did	more	research	and	found	out	that	machine	learning,	deep	learning,
and	natural	language	processing	are	all	connected	with	artificial	intelligence.	Machine	learning,
a	subset	of	AI,	is	the	process	of	automating	and	enhancing	how	computers	learn	from	their
experiences	without	human	help.	Machine	learning	can	be	used	in	email	spam	detection,
medical	diagnosis,	etc.
Deep	learning	can	be	considered	a	subset	of	machine	learning.	It	is	a	field	that	is	based	on
learning	and	improving	on	its	own	by	examining	computer	algorithms.	While	machine	learning
uses	simpler	concepts,	deep	learning	works	with	artificial	neural	networks,	which	are	designed
to	imitate	the	human	brain.
This	technology	can	be	applied	in	face	recognition,	speech	recognition,	and	many	more
applications.	Natural	language	processing,	popularly	known	as	NLP,	can	be	defined	as	the
ability	of	machines	to	learn	human	language	and	translate	it.	Chatbots	fall	under	this	category.
Artificial	intelligence	is	advancing	in	every	crucial	field	like	healthcare,	education,	robotics,
banking,	e-commerce,	and	the	list	goes	on.	Like	in	healthcare,	AI	is	used	to	identify	diseases,
helping	healthcare	service	providers	and	their	patients	make	better	treatment	and	lifestyle
decisions.	Coming	to	the	education	sector,	AI	is	helping	teachers	automate	grading,	organizing,
and	facilitating	parent-guardian	conversations.
In	robotics,	AI-powered	robots	employ	real-time	updates	to	detect	obstructions	in	their	path
and	instantaneously	design	their	routes.	Artificial	intelligence	provides	advanced	data	analytics
that	is	transforming	banking	by	reducing	fraud	and	enhancing	compliance.	With	this	growing
demand	for	AI,	more	and	more	industries	are	looking	for	AI	engineers	who	can	help	them
develop	intelligent	systems	and	offer	them	lucrative	salaries	going	north	of	$120,000.
The	future	of	AI	looks	promising	with	the	AI	market	expected	to	reach	$190	billion	by	2025.	So,
on	that	note,	I	have	a	question	for	you.	Artificial	intelligence	is	about	playing	a	computer	game,
creating	a	device	using	your	own	intelligence,	to	program	an	intelligent	machine,	investing	your
brainpower	in	a	machine.
Give	the	correct	answer	along	with	your	reasoning	and	stand	a	chance	to	win	an	Amazon
voucher.	Think	about	it	and	leave	your	answers	in	the	comment	section	and	we	will	provide	the
answer	next	week.	We	hope	you	enjoyed	this	video.
If	you	did,	a	thumbs	up	would	be	really	appreciated.	Here's	a	reminder	to	subscribe	to	our
channel	and	click	on	the	bell	icon	for	more	on	the	latest	technologies	and	trends.	Thank	you	for
watching	and	stay	tuned	for	more	from	Simply	Learn.
Transcribed	by	
TurboScribe.ai
.	
Go	Unlimited
	to	remove	this	message.